What happens next depends on whether the Employee is making
progress toward meeting the criteria for promotion.
When the Employee is making progress,
the Supervisor will ensure that the Employee has the opportunity
to acquire needed skills and knowledge as soon as possible,
and to demonstrate that he or she meets performance promotion requirements.
If either the Employee or Supervisor recognizes that the
Employee needs assistance to meet the criteria for advancing,
they will develop an individualized plan to help the Employee.
The plan should include all applicable training and any
other appropriate support.
The Union Local may assist at the Employee's request.